Students enrolled
in the TCNJ MBA program focused in
on their specialized area of interest in their first year getting
them quickly up to speed on in-demand topics
like data analytics and strategy Innovation
and Leadership.
position
in a program
today's organizations are generating an enormous
amount of data. They're also purchasing a lot
of data and they really don't know what to do with it. So we
need data scientists to help them figure out
how to take this data and turn it into insights.
organizations feel the pressure to get into Big Data
data analytics
deep learning and artificial intelligence, but
they need someone to help them navigate the waters
and make the right decisions.
Most of my classmates are coming from
the data World itself. And this is a program which is giving more
opportunities for everybody to enhance
their skills and move further on their carrier.
course that we teach we involve
Industry leaders, they provide us with insights into compelling
issues and guide our students while they take
their coursework.
It's very great to have that blend from the professor who's speaking
on it from an academic perspective to what we're
having a practitioner from The Real World coming in and teaching us different lessons
within the business field.
Our students learn the latest techniques in data
analysis.
And they're using Cutting Edge tools such as postgres SAS
text mining Tableau our
Python and arcmap.
Our students are also learning how to use data to influence change in
organizations.
a successful data analyst
loves to solve problems.
Data analytics allows us to move closer to
truth and knowledge.
Organizations need people that are schooled and
data analytics the help them compete in
today's market.
Give your career a boost with the TCNJ MBA.
Visit us to learn more mba.tcnj.edu.